run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree10_a.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree10_b.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree10_c.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree10_static.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree11_a.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree11_b.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree11_c.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree11_static.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree12_a.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree12_b.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree12_c.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree12_static.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree13_a.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree13_b.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree13_c.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree13_static.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree14_a.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree14_b.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree14_c.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree14_static.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree15_a.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree15_b.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree15_c.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree15_static.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree1_a.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree1_b.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree1_c.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree1_static.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree2_a.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree2_b.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree2_c.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree2_static.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree3_a.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree3_b.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree3_c.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree3_static.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree4_a.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree4_b.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree4_c.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree4_static.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree5_a.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree5_b.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree5_c.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree5_static.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree6_a.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree6_b.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree6_c.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree6_static.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree7_a.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree7_b.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree7_c.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree7_static.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree8_a.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree8_b.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree8_c.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree8_static.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree9_a.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree9_b.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree9_c.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
run\helios data\surveys\movingtrees_tls\tls_tree9_static.xml --lasOutput --zipOutput
